v0.4.0 smartbear-mcp release (#92)
SmartBear/smartbear-mcp: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.4.0] - 2025-08-26

### Added

> - [Common] Added abstract server and registerTools/Resources [#70](https://github.com/SmartBear/smartbear-mcp/pull/70)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Common] Add abstract server and registerTools / resources to simplify tool registration and standardise error monitoring across products [#70](https://github.com/SmartBear/smartbear-mcp/pull/70)
```

- [Pactflow] Added MCP tool to generate Pact tests [#71](https://github.com/SmartBear/smartbear-mcp/pull/71)

> - [Pactflow] Added MCP tool to fetch provider states for pactflow and pactbroker [#87](https://github.com/SmartBear/smartbear-mcp/pull/87)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PactFlow] Add tool to fetch provider states for PactFlow and Pact Broker [#87](https://github.com/SmartBear/smartbear-mcp/pull/87)
```

> - [Pactflow] Added MCP too to review Pact test [#89](https://github.com/SmartBear/smartbear-mcp/pull/89)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PactFlow] Add tool to review Pact tests [#89](https://github.com/SmartBear/smartbear-mcp/pull/89)
```

### Changed

> - [Pactflow] Added ZodSchema support for parameter passing in generate pacts tool [#90](https://github.com/SmartBear/smartbear-mcp/pull/90)

Reviewer: Suggest we remove this. As this is the first release of any PactFlow tool, this isn't a relevant changelog entry for users.
